where's the jungle this is a whole new
thing nobody told us we added to a whole
new thing
I'm coming grab by Eddie morning did you
guys see Spencer is that I think he went
back in we gotta go get him Florida oh
my god my joints feel like myself I came
back and things actually got worse look
at this
whoa - dude you have some issues here
the game is busted listen up now this is
a dangerous place
you've got to have eyes in the back
Sam Hill just happen to him hell is this
would you look at me I haven't looked
like this since never
you look like this never I think my eyes
are a different color all of you is a
different color strengths and weaknesses
linguistics
oh goodness nunchucks that's new damn
that's a good list weaknesses Pete Sun
and sang how is this guy a character in
an adventure game we have to find
Spencer and Bethany the next adventure
is even more challenging
this time not all of you will leave the
game
Besame thought you might need some help
where is Bethenny she's right here
she says oh my god like I'm a total
horse Hey terrible job what are you
talking about another passed my driver's
test last month okay
gonna make it we're gonna make it I
don't think we're gonna make it we're
gonna make it
we're not gonna make it
[Music]
what happened yes I'm back I missed you
so much oh my god you guys hi Bethenny
you guys were back in Jumanji
[Applause]
[Music]
hello it's Peter Spencer I'm here about
selling the house anyone home
[Music]
hello
this is detective Muldoon
this is Peter Spencer something happened
to me at 44 Rayburn Drive someone was
murdered I thought the house why did you
never go into that place something never
felt right about it looks like we got
another one
do you think that the body we found
related I went to the house police
department
[Music]
I think something followed me home mom
what's going on what's wrong we need to
leave right now
[Applause]
[Music]
everyone lineout jinx to the sky
hands away from your body now
I need an electric I'm an electric I'm
wondering why a guy like you that in the
fan we need to know who we're working
with
my mom's sick I need money
okay seal easy do
we design electric strong there's no
house strong and light it I need time to
walk it how do you want to live in this
life let's go
hide our powers if you see something
that you want take it we tracking is one
electric across multiple crimes execute
yeah you got mixed up with some bad
people across that line there's no
coming back
if I lose her I got nothing left we got
another job coming up you offer one shot
it's the pun of kid misses
I won't he won't
[Music]
no if I could pause why are we doing all
this
let's back it up the family it has
desperate motives and when good people
get desperate good nerves come out you
know something spill it
I suspect foul play
[Music]
no sure
what what
[Music]
did you just Google that I did you
Schuylkill that I gotta do this more
often our aim was to create a plant with
a scent that makes it so now happy we
are entering a new era here the first
mood lifting antidepressant happy plant
we've received orders from all over the
world I just wanted to say that I feel
really proud to be working with you look
what I have for you what do you say we
call him Little Joe you have to take
good care of it keep it warm talk to it
it needs attention also special man
it makes you happy haven't you noticed
how chris has changed
I think Little Joe's pollen has
triggered something the tool drove
changes the people he infects you're
starting to notice tool aren't you
[Music]
fear can distort our perception of
reality if I make a mistake then it's my
fault it seems that this has open a bit
much for you frightens me you're a good
mother I which of your children and you
choose
goodnight Little Joe
[Music]
really good feeling about this
you